[Music]
[Music] now it came to pass when David was
now it came to pass when David was
now it came to pass when David was dwelling in his house the David said to
dwelling in his house the David said to
dwelling in his house the David said to Nathan the prophet see now I dwell in a
Nathan the prophet see now I dwell in a
Nathan the prophet see now I dwell in a house of cedar but the Ark of the
house of cedar but the Ark of the
house of cedar but the Ark of the Covenant of the Lord is under tent
Covenant of the Lord is under tent
Covenant of the Lord is under tent curtains do all that is in your heart
curtains do all that is in your heart
curtains do all that is in your heart for God is with you
for God is with you
for God is with you [Music]
but it happened that night that the Word
but it happened that night that the Word of God came to Nathan
of God came to Nathan
of God came to Nathan [Music]
[Music]
[Music] go and tell my servant David thus says
go and tell my servant David thus says
go and tell my servant David thus says the Lord you shall not build me a house
the Lord you shall not build me a house
the Lord you shall not build me a house to dwell for I have not dwelt in a house
to dwell for I have not dwelt in a house
to dwell for I have not dwelt in a house since the time that I brought up Israel
since the time that I brought up Israel
since the time that I brought up Israel even to this day but have gone from tent
even to this day but have gone from tent
even to this day but have gone from tent to tent and from one tabernacle to
to tent and from one tabernacle to
to tent and from one tabernacle to another wherever I have moved about with
another wherever I have moved about with
another wherever I have moved about with all Israel
all Israel
all Israel have I ever spoken a word to any of the
have I ever spoken a word to any of the
have I ever spoken a word to any of the judges of Israel whom I commanded to
judges of Israel whom I commanded to
judges of Israel whom I commanded to Shepherd my people saying why have you
Shepherd my people saying why have you
Shepherd my people saying why have you not built me a house of cedar now
not built me a house of cedar now
not built me a house of cedar now therefore thus shall you say to my
therefore thus shall you say to my
therefore thus shall you say to my servant David thus says the Lord of
servant David thus says the Lord of
servant David thus says the Lord of Hosts I took you from the sheep phone
Hosts I took you from the sheep phone
Hosts I took you from the sheep phone from following the Sheep to be ruler
from following the Sheep to be ruler
from following the Sheep to be ruler over my people Israel and I have been
over my people Israel and I have been
over my people Israel and I have been with you wherever you have gone and have
with you wherever you have gone and have
with you wherever you have gone and have cut off all your enemies from before you
cut off all your enemies from before you
cut off all your enemies from before you and have made you a name like the name
and have made you a name like the name
and have made you a name like the name of the great men who are on the earth
of the great men who are on the earth
of the great men who are on the earth moreover I will appoint a place for my
moreover I will appoint a place for my
moreover I will appoint a place for my people Israel and will plant them
people Israel and will plant them
people Israel and will plant them that they may dwell in a place of their
that they may dwell in a place of their
that they may dwell in a place of their own and move no more nor shall the sons
own and move no more nor shall the sons
own and move no more nor shall the sons of wickedness oppress them any more as
of wickedness oppress them any more as
of wickedness oppress them any more as previously since the time that I
previously since the time that I
previously since the time that I commanded judges to be over my people
commanded judges to be over my people
commanded judges to be over my people Israel also I will subdue all your
Israel also I will subdue all your
Israel also I will subdue all your enemies furthermore I tell you that the
enemies furthermore I tell you that the
enemies furthermore I tell you that the Lord will build you ours and it shall be
Lord will build you ours and it shall be
Lord will build you ours and it shall be when your days are fulfilled when you
when your days are fulfilled when you
when your days are fulfilled when you must go to be with your fathers but I
must go to be with your fathers but I
must go to be with your fathers but I will set up your seed after you who will
will set up your seed after you who will
will set up your seed after you who will be of your sons and I will establish his
be of your sons and I will establish his
be of your sons and I will establish his kingdom he shall build me a house and I
kingdom he shall build me a house and I
kingdom he shall build me a house and I will establish his throne
will establish his throne
will establish his throne forever I will be his father and he
forever I will be his father and he
forever I will be his father and he shall be my son and I will not take my
shall be my son and I will not take my
shall be my son and I will not take my mercy away from him as I took it from
mercy away from him as I took it from
mercy away from him as I took it from him who was before you and I will
him who was before you and I will
him who was before you and I will establish him in my house and in my
establish him in my house and in my
establish him in my house and in my kingdom forever and his throne shall be
kingdom forever and his throne shall be
kingdom forever and his throne shall be established forever according to all
established forever according to all
established forever according to all these words and according to all this
these words and according to all this
these words and according to all this vision
vision
vision so Nathan spoke to David then King David
so Nathan spoke to David then King David
so Nathan spoke to David then King David went in and sat before the Lord Who am I
went in and sat before the Lord Who am I
went in and sat before the Lord Who am I Oh Lord God and what is my house that
Oh Lord God and what is my house that
Oh Lord God and what is my house that you have brought me this far and yet
you have brought me this far and yet
you have brought me this far and yet this was a small thing in your sight Oh
this was a small thing in your sight Oh
this was a small thing in your sight Oh God and you have also spoken of your
God and you have also spoken of your
God and you have also spoken of your servants house for a great while to come
servants house for a great while to come
servants house for a great while to come and have regarded me according to the
and have regarded me according to the
and have regarded me according to the rank of a man of high degree on Lord God
rank of a man of high degree on Lord God
rank of a man of high degree on Lord God what more can David say to you
what more can David say to you
what more can David say to you for the honor of your servant for you
for the honor of your servant for you
for the honor of your servant for you know your servant Oh Lord for your
know your servant Oh Lord for your
know your servant Oh Lord for your servant's sake and according to your own
servant's sake and according to your own
servant's sake and according to your own heart you have done all this greatness
heart you have done all this greatness
heart you have done all this greatness in making known all these great things
in making known all these great things
in making known all these great things Oh Lord there is none like you nor is
Oh Lord there is none like you nor is
Oh Lord there is none like you nor is there any God besides you according to
there any God besides you according to
there any God besides you according to all that we have heard with our ears and
all that we have heard with our ears and
all that we have heard with our ears and who is like your people Israel the one
who is like your people Israel the one
who is like your people Israel the one nation on the earth whom God went to
nation on the earth whom God went to
nation on the earth whom God went to redeem for himself as a people to make
redeem for himself as a people to make
redeem for himself as a people to make for yourself a name by great and awesome
for yourself a name by great and awesome
for yourself a name by great and awesome deeds by driving out nations from before
deeds by driving out nations from before
deeds by driving out nations from before your people whom you redeemed from Egypt
your people whom you redeemed from Egypt
your people whom you redeemed from Egypt for you have made your people Israel
for you have made your people Israel
for you have made your people Israel your very own people forever and you
your very own people forever and you
your very own people forever and you Lord have become their God and now O
Lord have become their God and now O
Lord have become their God and now O Lord the word which you have spoken
Lord the word which you have spoken
Lord the word which you have spoken concerning your servant and concerning
concerning your servant and concerning
concerning your servant and concerning his house
his house
his house let it be established forever and do as
let it be established forever and do as
let it be established forever and do as you have said so let it be established
you have said so let it be established
you have said so let it be established that your name may be magnified forever
that your name may be magnified forever
that your name may be magnified forever saying the Lord of hosts the God of
saying the Lord of hosts the God of
saying the Lord of hosts the God of Israel is Israel's God and let the house
Israel is Israel's God and let the house
Israel is Israel's God and let the house of your servant David be established
of your servant David be established
of your servant David be established before you for you oh my god have
before you for you oh my god have
before you for you oh my god have revealed to your servant that you will
revealed to your servant that you will
revealed to your servant that you will build him a house therefore your servant
build him a house therefore your servant
build him a house therefore your servant has found it in his heart to pray before
has found it in his heart to pray before
has found it in his heart to pray before you and now Lord you are God and have
you and now Lord you are God and have
you and now Lord you are God and have promised this goodness to your servant
promised this goodness to your servant
promised this goodness to your servant now you have been pleased to bless the
now you have been pleased to bless the
now you have been pleased to bless the house of your servant that it may
house of your servant that it may
house of your servant that it may continue before you forever for you have
continue before you forever for you have
continue before you forever for you have blessed it all
blessed it all
blessed it all and it shall be blessed forever